Turn 'deployment considerations' into 'deployment path' (#3456)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_provisioning.adoc

[id="provisioning_{context}"]
= Provisioning

With {Project}, you can provision bare-metal hosts and you can also connect cloud providers and virtualization infrastructures as compute resources.

{Project} provides several features to help you automate provisioning of your hosts, for example:

* You can use provisioning templates to define the way {ProjectServer} installs an operating system on your hosts.

> * You can use the Discovery service to detect uknown bare-metal hosts on the provisioning network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can use the Discovery service to detect unknown hosts on the provisioning network.
```
I'm not sure if Discovery is limited to bare metal.
@stejskalleos Can Discovery be used also for virtual machines under some circumstances?

> * You can use the Discovery service to detect uknown bare-metal hosts on the provisioning network.

Author: https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Provisioning_Hosts/index-katello.html#discovering-hosts-on-a-network_provisioning indicates that this is valid for VMs too. Thanks, addressed.

> * You can use host groups for standardized provisioning of host roles

Reviewer: I'm not sure about "host roles" as a term. It seems abiguous. How about:
```suggestion
* You can use host groups for standardized provisioning of host configurations.
```

> * You can use host groups for standardized provisioning of host roles

Author: Addressed.
